Previously on Supergirl...
You have friends, too.
There are others like you.
You just need to know
how to find them.
So two of these
are our Worldkillers, huh?
It's her.
So what do we do?
We go get her.
Okay, we've got
one heat signature inside.
No movements. Looks like
we might catch
this Worldkiller off guard.
But be careful,
in case she's as bad as Reign.
Copy that, Winn.
Watch our backs.
You got it.
Winn, what's your 20
on the heat signature?
Looks like a back room.
* And this woman
Was singing my song*
* Lovers in love
And the others run away*
Is that Lisa Loeb?
I thought the target's name
was Julia Freeman.
* You say
I only hear what I want to*
* I don't listen hard
I don't pay attention*
* To the distance
That you're running
To anyone anywhere*
Is it her?
* I don't understand
If you really care *
* I'm only hearing negative*
* So I turned the radio on*
Yeah, that's her all right.
* So by the time that
We're waiting for the other
Who was dyin' since the day *
Supergirl, what...
What are you...
What are you doing here?
Are you Julia Freeman?
Yes.
What do you guys want from me?
Stand down.
It's okay.
Do you...
You don't know
why we're here, do you?
No. What's going on here?
Supergirl, please, don't...
Don't let them hurt me.
Please.
No, no. Don't worry. I won't.
-Don't move!
-Whoa! Whoa! Hey!
You stay right there.
Let's get her
back to the DEO.
We can talk--
-Hold on. It'll be all right.
-I said, stay still.
No, no, no. Wait!
J'onn.
That could have been worse.
Met your KPIs,
and you're still
under-performing.
I'll call you back.
-Hey.
-Nothing.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. TYK Labs branch,
I'm gonna have to replace
a few people there.
Oh, I can handle that.
I've been away from L-Corp
too long.
I'm looking forward
to getting back in
and getting my hands
a little dirty again.
Sam, this has nothing
to do with the way
things have been running,
believe me.
But it's because
I'm sick, though.
You don't think
I'm up for the job anymore?
Sam, do you remember
when we first met?
It was three o'clock
in the morning. We'd just
acquired your company,
and I was in charge
of the takeover.
You were a junior VP,
and your light was
the only one on in the office.
I walked by,
and I saw your head
down over spreadsheets.
Cross analysis report.
God, I was good at those.
You were so focused.
And I thought,
"Her. I wanna work with her."
Everyone knows
how good you are at your job,
Sam, you don't have
to keep on proving it.
With everything that
you're dealing with
in your life right now,
I just wanna give you
as little stress as possible.
Lena, I can't take
time off right now.
Yeah, you can.
In fact, I am ordering you
to take today off.
There is nothing here
I can't handle,
so go. Be with your daughter.
Purity is down,
Reign and Pestilence to go.
And it is only a Wednesday.
It's certainly been
a good morning so far.
Yes, and bonus points,
the DEO techs found this
at the Worldkiller's home.
It is a Kryptonian
cache crystal,
as you know, used to store
sensitive information.
I've seen crystals like this
in the Fortress of Solitude.
They contain elements
of the Fortress itself,
sort of like
an artist's stamp.
Yes, but this crystal has
a very different home,
very different stamp.
We might be able
to pinpoint the location
of the Worldkillers'
headquarters if we analyze it.
First round is on me.
Winn, get your chicken wings.
And I will have an unnecessary
amount of chicken wings,
as befits a man of my stature.
Hey, are you okay?
You took a couple of serious
blows back there at the house.
Oh, hey, you know what?
I analyzed the frequency
of the Worldkillers'
vibrations when I was
in the van.
Turns out, it is tuned
specifically to hurt
Kryptonians.
Luckily, the inhibitors
in the cell seem to be
working on her.
Yeah, you do seem a bit off.
Maybe we should
run some tests.
Guys?
-Yeah, sure.
We'll leave you to it.
-Thanks.
Break.
It's not the sonic blast
that's bothering me.
Hey, J'onn, by the way,
I need your help
with something.
Yeah
Well, you know that our Legion
ship is the only way home.
And in about a day,
we're gonna lose
the ability to fly.
Is there some way to fix it?
Yeah, and I think
the part might be
in your ship.
Whoa. Whoa. You guys
are doing spaceship repair?
'Cause I need to see that.
-You're busy.
-Oh, come on.
The decoder, it's doing
its thing. It's gonna take,
like, five hours.
Fine. But you're
coming back here
the second there's
a breakthrough
with that crystal.
Yes!
That woman was scared
before her eyes turned white.
She looked me in the eye,
and she asked me for help.
It's like someone else
took over her.
Due respect,
but what I saw in that house
was a very capable liar
putting on an act
so she can get close enough
to kill you.
No. No,
I don't think she's faking it.
You told me
about the vision you had.
The world was burning.
That is the Worldkiller
that you saw.
Yes, but what if
there's a part of her
that isn't?
If I can get her
to be Julia again,
doesn't that mean that there's
someone we can work with?
This?
This isn't
telling us anything.
Julia might.
-We can try it your way.
-Thank you.
And when your way fails,
we try it mine.
Hi, Julia.
You seemed really scared
at your house earlier,
and I totally understand that.
And I'm here to help you.
-Julia.
-That's not my name.
Okay. What would you
like me to call you?
I am the scalding light.
I am the flood
that sweeps away sins.
I am the word
and cry of justice.
Yeah, would you mind just
condensing that a little bit?
-Alex. Just... Alex.
-Well, it's long.
Hey, hey.
Uh, you were about
to tell me your name.
I'd really like to hear
what you have to say.
I am Purity.
Nice to meet you, Purity.
I'm gonna call you Julia,
though. Is that okay?
Just, I met her first,
and she's who I'd really like
to talk to, actually.
Hmm.
Call me what you will,
Kryptonian.
They don't understand yet.
You do.
Me?
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
I understand it just fine.
-Alex...
See, I know that look.
You think
that you're smarter than me,
that you're stronger than me,
which is fine. I mean,
you're entitled
to your own opinion.
It'll change in time, though.
Because, after days,
weeks, months
in here,
you're gonna feel
like I peeled your skin off
and saw everything underneath.
You can call me
"Agent Danvers," Purity.
Julia,
I know you're in there.
If you can show yourself,
I will help you.
Or you can
just tell us where Reign is.
I mean, that's why
we brought you in here,
which was super easy,
by the way.
Oh, ladies.
How will you ever
make your minds up about me?
Okay, ice skating?
Uh, it's a mental
health holiday.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Of course.
I just miss seeing you, babe.
I mean, it's been
a rough couple months,
I feel like we can both
play a little hooky.
Oh, my God,
you're being serious.
I'm serious.
Sound like a plan?
Hell, yeah.
You get precisely one
"hell, yes" today.
I hope you enjoyed that.
Okay.
A Bel Air... Oh!
Your ship is a Bel Air?
Indeed. Two four-barrel
carburetors, Duntov cam...
-About 700 million.
I didn't know
you knew about cars, Winn.
Oh, please. If you can
take it apart and put it
back together,
you better believe
I know about it.
Ooh! Yeah.
"Look, don't touch." Got it.
Why did you want
to see my ship?
Well, the Moran battery
in our cruiser died last week.
Wait, your ship
doesn't have any power?
Well, not entirely.
There's five power sources.
But a Moran battery generates
anti-gravitational field.
Which is how the ship flies.
But if the circuits
are without power
long enough, they degrade.
And turn into
a pumpkin. Got it.
So the only way to save it
is if we use the Moran battery
from your ship to regenerate
the fuel cells in ours.
Oh. So you need a jump?
-Yeah.
-Easy.
Ooh!
Oh-ho-ho-ho!
Now that battery looks like it
packs a punch. Can I hold it?
-No.
-Okay.
Julia Freeman.
No birth certificate,
adopted in 1993
by Lawrence and Molly Freeman.
Let's see what it says.
Allergic to milk.
Studied music at
the Cincinnati Conservatory.
Doesn't Julia sound nice?
Yeah.
Yeah, from the little
I've been around her,
I liked her.
She was very fun to play.
Everything you have
in that file is just
a character description.
There never was,
and never will be,
a Julia Freeman.
Just little old me.
But why keep up an act
for a decade?
When my sistren and I arrived,
we knew it would be many years
before the cosmic alignment
of forces came to pass.
Masks would be necessary.
Vinita Ripson,
your roommate at Cincinnati,
your emergency contact,
your best friend
for a decade...
I bet she's really worried
about you right now.
Sounds about right.
Vinita was always so clingy.
It drove me crazy.
Crazy enough to save her life?
Julia?
You imagine I care
about humans
just because you do?
I think you do care, Julia.
And I care about you.
Hmm.
Will you care
when I tear open your bones
and rip out your soft parts?
You're never gonna
get that chance
because you are gonna sit
in that cell until I say so.
And after,
I'll open up your friend
and eat her heart
with the other gods.
You want to talk
about insides?
'Cause you are gonna
have eight different
government agencies
fighting over
who's going to dissect you.
All right,
let's speak outside,
Agent Danvers.
You're not a god.
You're just meat and bones.
Alex!
Alex?
Why are you fighting me
so hard on this?
You realize that
Purity is just toying
with you, right?
If we have the chance to save
Julia, we have to take it.
That is such
a nice motto, Kara,
but it's not very practical.
Excuse me?
No matter how much evidence
piles up saying
that you are wrong,
you always hope.
That's my job.
Purity is evil.
She is a Worldkiller.
And there's two others
out there just like her,
endangering lives,
and your feelings
are costing us time.
Okay, my feelings
have saved lives
countless times.
Alex... Wait. Listen to me.
I am used to you
being pragmatic,
but since when have you become
so hard and cynical?
Well, not all of us
are bulletproof, Kara.
I know.
So, cynicism, that's what's
keeping the rest of us alive.
Well, it seems like
it's killing you.
My sister, the sister I know,
she has compassion for others.
I am just trying to do my job.
Now, we've tried it
your way, we did.
But now we're gonna
do it mine.
Okay, try it now.
Um, you know, is there like
a user manual
or something that
we can take
a look at for ideas?
Sprock!
I gather
it's not going too well.
Uh, not at presently,
but we will get there.
Brainy and I took a look
into that Thysteria rock,
but it was a dead end.
Did you get
the battery working?
No, but I'm handling it.
Okay. Did you try
recalibrating it?
Yes, Imra, I'm handling it.
Okay, look, I may not be
a twelfth-level intellect,
Mon-El, but I'm sharp.
And as I said last night,
there's no need
of telling me anything twice.
Ever.
Imra, please don't do this.
I'm just doing
exactly what you told me
when I joined the Legion.
I'm just speaking the truth.
Uh, I'm... I've got
to check on the crystal.
-Yeah. Yeah,
I'll be right there.
-Thanks.
You still wanna
carry on working?
There's no point.
Where is Reign?
We have the Kryptonian crystal
from your apartment,
and we know that
it's gonna lead
to your headquarters.
Where is Reign?
You're not so chatty now,
are you?
That makes sense.
Because I'm not your audience.
I'm just looking
at a bug under glass.
To use
your own words,
you think you're
smarter than me,
stronger than me.
You think I'm powerless
to your science.
I see right through you,
Alex Danvers.
It's a gift I have,
to see inside people...
To know them.
You want to hurt me
because you're hurt.
You want me weak,
because you're weak.
Someone cut something
out of you, and you feel
the hole every day.
A hole that you dug
in yourself.
And it's not getting
any better now, is it?
Okay. All right, all right.
We're done here.
See the rage?
That's your loneliness.
-Shut your mouth!
-Let's go.
You had your chance
at happiness,
and you threw it away.
Alex.
And now you're just
a broken little doll.
Alex, wait.
She was right about you.
You're just a thing
built to destroy.
And I'm gonna make sure
you don't hurt anyone else.
All right,
you ready for this?
I'm young and reckless.
I've got this in the bag.
-Three.
-Two...
Okay, cheating
will get you nowhere!
Okay.
Really, nothing? Come on.
-Hey.
What happened?
I'm good, okay?
Alex? Hey! You--
Damn it.
Now, who turned you on?
Ah! Beginner!
Beat you!
Mom?
Contact! Contact!
I thought you left.
I did, but, uh,
only to get these.
Come on.
It's sort of
a Martian moonshine.
It's kind of spicy.
It has a
consciousness-enhancing
quality to it.
This has a label.
Oh, yeah. They sell it
in the alien bars.
Doing quite well.
Cheers.
You know, I, um...
It's been
a couple of centuries,
but I was once married.
Seventy-seven years, in fact.
So I'm quite familiar
with the marital spat.
Yeah, it's, uh,
it's not what you think.
It might help
to talk about it.
Yeah, thanks, but, um,
but I don't think so.
You keep a lot of secrets,
young man.
Usually, they're
to protect others,
so your intentions are good,
but it really might help
if you share the load.
Well, Imra and I
have a complicated history.
Hmm.
We didn't exactly choose
to get married to one another.
So she's from this
important family on Titan.
And Titan was the head
of this faction of planets
that were very against
Earth and its allies.
So, in the early days
of the Legion, we needed
to do something symbolic.
You know, to show
that we represented everyone.
You united the planets
when you got married?
-There it is.
-Wow.
And I was still mourning Kara.
Imra and I were
friends and partners,
and I was fond of her.
I respected her.
But I knew that marrying Imra
would help so many.
It just seemed
like the logical thing to do.
And then, with time,
I mean, I...
Our pretend marriage
became more real
and our feelings deepened,
and I grew to love her.
I was content.
But with Kara, I mean...
There was nothing logical
about falling in love
with Kara.
I mean, she was...
She was a Kryptonian elitist,
and I was this completely
self-absorbed misogynist.
Not anymore.
But what I felt for her,
it was... It was just...
Being back here is, um...
I've had to keep
a distance from Kara
because, whenever
I'm around her, these old
feelings get stirred up.
And then I have
to hide it from Imra.
But lately, there's just been
all this friction between us
'cause of...
I know it's my fault,
and I just...
I don't know what to do.
You know, if you think
keeping secrets
from your wife is hard,
you should try keeping
secrets from a Martian.
My wife and I would, uh...
Would bond and literally share
our thoughts and feelings
every night.
Marriage is sharing, Mon-El.
Everything.
You are not a criminal because
you have complicated feelings.
If you truly love
and honor Imra,
maybe you should let her in.
What is it?
Purity.
Ruby?
Ruby.
-I'm fine.
Sweetheart, what happened?
I turned around,
and she was gone.
Honey, I'm so sorry.
Your mom's just...
She's going through a lot.
It's gonna be okay.
This is not okay.
She was so excited
to hang out today.
And then she just disappeared.
It's like, a few months ago,
she was planning
on going on this big trip,
and something wonderful
was gonna happen.
And when she got back,
she acted like
she hadn't been anywhere.
She didn't remember?
There's something wrong.
I don't know what,
but there's something.
It's like, sometimes,
she's a completely
different person.
Ruby, I know it's scary,
okay?
But something
you've got to know
about me is that,
when there's a problem,
I always find an answer.
Okay?
You've found her?
Yes, indeed.
Hey, perfect timing.
-She is in the subway,
though there have been
no reports of any attacks yet.
There will be soon, though.
We should head out.
Same team as before, right?
Well, if, uh, if you can come,
we could use you.
Yeah. Absolutely.
I'm not underestimating
her again.
-Ever.
-Uh, speaking of...
Presents.
I have revamped
some old sonic technology
to cut out the frequency
that she hit you with before.
Yeah, but will they work?
Wait, you really
asked me that?
Uh, it's like 95% sure.
-Good work, Agent Schott.
Anytime.
Now, go do superheroic stuff.
Let's go.
Someone else has found
one of your partners.
How do you know?
She possesses a crystal like
yours that has been activated.
She's awakening,
and you must guide her.
But be wise in your tactics.
She's a newborn.
Delicate, malleable.
You must bring her here,
home, before they
take her away.
I understand.
Yo, kiddo, you all right?
Purity?
You've finally
learned my name.
-Alex.
-On it.
Everybody, out.
Hey. It's all right.
Get up. Up, up, up.
Everybody, get out! Out!
Go!
We've got to get
these people out of here.
Go. I've got this.
-Yes. Go!
Purity.
I got you. Now go.
Go! Go.
I'll tell you a secret.
Julia's here, and I'm going to
make her watch...
-No! No.
-...while I kill you.
No, Julia. Julia, please.
Please don't let her hurt me.
Julia, I know you're there.
Julia. No, no, no, Julia.
Julia...
You stood in front of a car
to save your friend Vinita
because you love your friend.
And you know that
Supergirl wants to help you.
You can fight this,
because you...
You are stronger
than you think.
I know that you can hear me,
Julia. I see you in there.
And I am so sorry
that I didn't see it before.
But I swear to God,
I am gonna help you beat this.
We all will.
But you have to fight.
No! No!
Julia...
So the Supergirl kneels.
Good practice.
Alex? Alex. No.
You, I'll kill.
No!
-No!
Stop.
Take me.
-You can have me.
-Julia, don't. Don't do this.
Purity, sister.
We will find our third,
our Pestilence.
Once we're finally together,
there will be nothing
but unstoppable power.
A couple
of bruised ribs
and what feels like
a giant hematoma on my ass.
But it could have been worse.
It could have been rugby.
Alex, you could have
been killed.
-Don't joke.
-Calm down.
Winn, please give them
something else to think about.
Uh, we lost track of Reign
and Julia, like, minutes
after they flew away.
It's only a matter of time
before Reign forces Julia
back into Purity.
Julia, she's tough.
Maybe she can hold out.
Wow, the Worldkillers might be
too hard for us to beat.
But maybe we're not
supposed to beat them.
Well, how are we
supposed to win?
We save them.
You don't need to be afraid.
Let me out of here.
-Stop.
Your awakening has begun,
my child.
I don't...
I don't want it!
Winn, hey,
I heard you fixed it.
-How did you---
-I mean... I assisted.
That was a little more
than an assist.
He researched Moran math.
They currently run their
entire measurement system
on a scale of 12
instead of 10.
Yeah, sort of how, in America,
we use inches
instead of the metric system.
They must have switched over
before this here battery
was invented,
which, actually, you know,
gives me hope for America.
So we were overloading
the fuel cells.
-Bingo.
-Thanks, Winn.
I mean, if you really
wanna thank me,
you could let me take
this out for a test drive.
Just saying.
I'm sorry you lost
the Worldkiller.
But I... You didn't think
to call me about the fight?
I know.
I, uh...
I'm sorry for the way
that I've been acting.
It's just...
Being back here, it's...
It's been
very confusing for me.
You don't think
I already know that?
I mean, that fight last night,
Mon-El, was so stupid.
What, about the Legion manual?
You think I'm bothered
that you misplaced the manual?
I was upset before that.
We were sitting in the DEO.
Supergirl was talking
about Reign...
And you got this look
in your eye,
one that I know so well.
You had the same look
the first time you told me
you loved me.
Spending time
with Kara again has, um,
been more difficult
than I could have imagined.
Are you still
in love with her?
I don't know.
Thank you for being honest.
It's why I fell in love
with you in the first point.
Imra, I swear to you
that I will always
be honest to you.
Okay? I respect and love you.
This is more difficult
than anything I could
have fathomed.
But we will
work through it, okay?
Mon-El, I'm...
I haven't been
completely honest with you.
I always knew there was
a risk when Brainy and I
planned this mission.
What mission?
It's time for me
to tell you the truth
about why we're really here.
Okay. Start with this.
And then I'll try
to talk you out of tequila.
Hmm. There's a bold move.
Are we okay?
We are okay.
Do you wanna tell me
what's going on?
I just thought
that it would get easier.
But it's not.
Alex.
You know, I have...
I have two speed dials
on this phone.
It's you
and Maggie.
And every day,
every single day,
I look at this phone,
and I wanna call her.
And then I wanna delete her.
But I can't do either
because I am scared,
and I am weak.
No, that's not true.
No, but, I mean, it is.
Because, otherwise,
I would be better.
And I keep willing myself
to just get over it,
but I can't.
And that's why I've lost hope.
That's why I was angry
and why I refused to see Julia
the way that you saw her.
You know, I...
I stopped believing, too.
I didn't think I would ever
get through the heartbreak.
But, guess what,
I'm getting through it.
And you are far stronger
than I am.
See, you're always hopeful.
So are you.
You were hopeful
when you made the decision
that you could have more.
And you know what?
I think you're right.
I think there is
another person
out there for you,
and I think you will be a mom.
You... You will have
all the things.
I'm glad you're the way
that you are.
You, too.
Where's Ruby?
Your text said
you picked her up.
She's fine, okay?
She's at my apartment.
She's sleeping.
She called me
when you disappeared.
She thought you'd come in
to work, but you hadn't.
My God, how could I
do this to her?
What if I'd been driving
at the time?
She's safe, all right?
She did the right thing.
She called for help.
Was she scared?
Yes. We all are.
Do you...
Do you remember any--
No. I don't, I...
Same as always.
Ruby told me
about the other times.
What?
No. She doesn't know.
Sam, she's a smart kid.
She knows something's wrong.
She knows that you go places
and then you don't remember
where you've gone.
You told her I was sick?
I told her that we didn't know
what was wrong yet.
You told a 12-year-old
her mother has a disease
no one can diagnose?
I reassured her
that you didn't abandon her--
You had no right
to tell her anything.
Just because you're my boss
does not mean you can make
decisions for my family.
But, no, it wasn't like that.
It was--
No one makes
those decisions but me.
Sam, your blackouts
are coinciding with something.
-I just need
to ask you a few--
-Silence!
Sam?
Sam, did you just
have a blackout?
Yeah.
You don't remember
anything you said?
No.
Sam, honey,
it's okay, all right?
I know what's wrong with you.
I'm gonna make you better.